added operator map types to language extensions (#24)
TypeScriptToLua/TypeScriptToLua.github.io: docs/advanced/writing-declarations.md

Lua supports overloading of mathematical operators such as `+`, `-` or `*`. This is performed using the [metatable methods](https://www.lua.org/manual/5.4/manual.html#2.4) `__add`, `__sub`, `__mul`, `__div`, and `__unm`. Since TypeScript does not support operator overloading in its type system, this feature is hard to replicate. Unfortunately, this is not something that can be fixed properly right now without forking off our custom TypeScript version.

> However, there are workarounds that work decently.
> 
> One method is to declare a type as an intersection type with `number`. It will then inherit all mathematical operators. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are two possible workarounds. The first one is to declare a type as an intersection type with `number`. It will then inherit all mathematical operators. Keep in mind that this is only partially type safe and may require some additional casting.

Example:
```

const d = v3.dot(v2);
```

> There are also language extensions that allow declaring special functions which will transpile to operators. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second option was added in version [0.38.0](https://github.com/TypeScriptToLua/TypeScriptToLua/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#0380). You can now use [language extensions](https://typescripttolua.github.io/docs/advanced/language-extensions) that allow declaring special functions which will transpile to operators. This will be completely type safe if the operators are declared correctly.

Example:
```

Maybe mention this one first?
I think this should be the recommended variant.

> There are also language extensions that allow declaring special functions which will transpile to operators. For example:

Reviewer 2: Seems like duplicate information, couldn't you just refer to the language extensions page? `./language-extensions.md#operator-map-types` should do the trick
